Gwenevere Abriel: Oh, what happened.
I
Jessica Garcia: Forgot my middle phone stand
Gwenevere Abriel: All you gotta stand
Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, you go settling all open up a note for us here.
Jessica Garcia: So cool today.
Gwenevere Abriel: As someone showed me the snow over there.
Gwenevere Abriel: I don't remember what area, they were showing me but
Gwenevere Abriel: I wasn't Espanola
Gwenevere Abriel: For get started with any
Jessica Garcia: More
Jessica Garcia: Areas.
Gwenevere Abriel: So what, where does this leave you with the, the new work are you on hold.
Jessica Garcia: I just received a call from the scheduling.
Jessica Garcia: Person and I'm okay because last week I called
Jessica Garcia: And the lady was pretty rude and she's like, we don't have anything available, but it wasn't the same lady.
Jessica Garcia: They texted me on Monday, and I told them, I'm only available on Thursdays, Fridays and Sundays and then so I call the next day. And they're like, we don't have anything available for you.
Jessica Garcia: You're gonna have to wait until next week, it will have their scheduling person call you in and hosting me and it's like
Jessica Garcia: I was like,
Jessica Garcia: I she asked me if I was available to work today and I told her, I'm sorry. I told her I put it in my, in my application. Like I said it a few times that I was only able to work Thursdays, Fridays and Sundays and she was like, I had no idea. I'm so sorry. I'll write that down.
Jessica Garcia: So already,
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, so
Jessica Garcia: Like that.
Just shows
Gwenevere Abriel: So now this is an interesting thing, Jessica.
Gwenevere Abriel: On one hand, you're turning in you're paying attention. This is a sign right your head is up, you're paying attention, um,
Gwenevere Abriel: But sometimes there's a phenomenon of allocating
Of managing
Gwenevere Abriel: Oftentimes,
Gwenevere Abriel: People that are in a position of authority.
Gwenevere Abriel: Doesn't mean that they got that position because they're more qualified than us.
Gwenevere Abriel: They got your level in competence so weird thing get promoted to a level of in competence. So what we're left to do is if you're okay with it. It might mean that we manage up, which means so
Gwenevere Abriel: I don't want you know it'd be something like, I don't want to let anyone down or me look
Gwenevere Abriel: Like I was unavailable. I want to make sure everybody's on the same page. Do you guys are you could be like you guys already have people that have set schedules. How does this information gets disseminated across the organization.
Gwenevere Abriel: See that kind of questioning
Gwenevere Abriel: What it presupposes is that it does and what it puts in the listeners ear is. Oh yeah, we don't have anything like that.
Gwenevere Abriel: And then they're left with answering you. Oh, we don't do anything like that. What are you talking about, and then you can continue and say, well,
Gwenevere Abriel: Are there three or four people that maybe a couple of hiring managers or scheduling manager that I could send a quick email to that way I don't have to burden you with it. I can take sense it's it's so precise and
Gwenevere Abriel: I can do it if you wanted me to are there people that you want me to send it to you could already be sort of that person who's already organizing it.
Gwenevere Abriel: Or is there a central place on a bulletin board. Like, where do you guys already have a system of what people's limitations are, what their, their work availability is and what you would find out right away from that other person was she didn't know, boo.
Gwenevere Abriel: You out right away. So although you might be tempted to say, well, this is a wishy washy organization. Is that what you're thinking.
Jessica Garcia: Yeah yeah just just every time I get a job with
Jessica Garcia: You even if it's just one person and I have experiences like that. It turns out
Jessica Garcia: Being just like that.
Jessica Garcia: So,
Gwenevere Abriel: Staying awake, you're paying attention to it. But if you keep asking follow up questions maybe more evidence to support what your gut instinct is this might be another waste of my time or
Gwenevere Abriel: Be that you just got someone inexperienced on the phone because sometimes we do the first person you talk to doesn't know as much as the third person third person that's the one that I always
Gwenevere Abriel: Third person.
Gwenevere Abriel: Because there's all these people up front, but you're you're tuning in, which I'm glad because I don't want you to have to go through what you went to
Gwenevere Abriel: Where you worked for nothing.
Jessica Garcia: Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: What are you, then what do you feel like the next, what's your gut tell you oh
Jessica Garcia: I'm just gonna work.
Jessica Garcia: Okay, I'm just gonna work. I'm kind of
Jessica Garcia: More
Jessica Garcia: I'm more afraid now because
Jessica Garcia: My auntie does let me grab my charger.
Jessica Garcia: Sorry night and she does.
Jessica Garcia: She's delivering flowers and, for she went into this
This
Jessica Garcia: Retired community living place.
Jessica Garcia: And
Jessica Garcia: And I guess they had a sign up saying that
Jessica Garcia: That there was a staff and and patients, they're affected with the coven 19 so
Jessica Garcia: Your own risk.
Gwenevere Abriel: Right.
Jessica Garcia: Which is kind of
Jessica Garcia: Its kind of
Jessica Garcia: Concerning
Jessica Garcia: Couch
Jessica Garcia: I didn't know my phone was dying.
Jessica Garcia: Okay.
Jessica Garcia: Hit or miss with these things.
Gwenevere Abriel: Alright.
Gwenevere Abriel: So I don't know what we're talking about.
Jessica Garcia: About that in the the assisted living communities that they
Jessica Garcia: They had a sign that said that there was like a few patients infected with the covert 19
Gwenevere Abriel: How does that, how does that impact you.
Jessica Garcia: Excuse me. Well, I don't know if I may, might have like patient in assisted living homes or even patients that are in an assisted living homes.
Jessica Garcia: That are infected with the coven 19
Gwenevere Abriel: So what are you thinking
I'm
Jessica Garcia: Going to be extra careful
Gwenevere Abriel: So what would that look like what does care what's precautions you can take
Jessica Garcia: A face mask a hazmat suit.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah.
Jessica Garcia: And then just like change out of my scrubs whenever I go home.
Gwenevere Abriel: So, um,
Gwenevere Abriel: Is it
Gwenevere Abriel: To the point that you're starting to wonder whether to go to work or it's not getting in the way, you can still see yourself going
Gwenevere Abriel: Just I'll wear a mask all I'll tell them, hey, this is for your protection in mind and setting up some sort of protocol that those shoes right they don't come into the house. That's something that I've been kind of echoing
Gwenevere Abriel: That maybe their shoes that you wear to work and then their shoes that you walk around the house with those those shoes that drift out in into the community, maybe they don't make their way into the house.
Gwenevere Abriel: Then little kid feet, hands and mouths touch that. So that might be a little precaution might help you feel better.
Jessica Garcia: Definitely
Gwenevere Abriel: Alright, so
Gwenevere Abriel: Do you have a schedule. Do you have some days that they're able to give you know
Jessica Garcia: She says she's probably right back.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay. Excellent. Alright, so hopefully that'll get going for you.
Jessica Garcia: Yeah, I'm just excited to start earning my own income, honestly.
Jessica Garcia: Start pulling my own way around here.
Gwenevere Abriel: Here excited. I want to put that in here because this is a
Gwenevere Abriel: Time to myself I get healthier China. We already got the job. I think so. I probably close that one.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay Close that one already. Yeah, okay. That one's already closed. Okay, what about you just started to talk about some issues, kind of going on with with your boyfriend.
Gwenevere Abriel: And I had brought up this topic of, you know, the libido may be impacted by the buprenorphine.
Gwenevere Abriel: How are you, how did you feel after that conversation last week.
Jessica Garcia: I felt more informed.
Jessica Garcia: Pretty much it I didn't like we've we haven't really been away didn't get along very much this week.
Gwenevere Abriel: Was it because you guys weren't together or there was arguing
Jessica Garcia: Um,
Jessica Garcia: It was just both
Jessica Garcia: Are not not because we weren't together.
Jessica Garcia: I don't know why, but we argued, and we just can't seem to get along.
Jessica Garcia: Like I'll try to talk to him and
Jessica Garcia: And he like snaps at me like he answers me really rude. And so I
Jessica Garcia: I get upset and turned off, and I'm just rude to him for the rest of the day.
Jessica Garcia: Like I'm upset I'm just not. I'm not, like, oh, I'm gonna be rude to him since he's rude to me like no like I'm mad. Like, why
Jessica Garcia: You know, and I told him yesterday. I told him, you know, you don't have to ask them like that like I asked him if you wanted to go to my grandma's or do something like it's Easter, like, at least for the baby and
Jessica Garcia: He likes. Not that mean
Jessica Garcia: And he and he was like, I run a global there.
Jessica Garcia: Are all the leaders of be like that. And I'm like, Why do you have to answer me like that. Like, for one. Look at me when I'm talking like when you're talking to me, give me the
Jessica Garcia: DE DE like enough respect to look me in the eyes, because that's what, that's one thing about him that I just he won't look at me when he's talking to me and I feel so disrespected
Jessica Garcia: I told me, look at me and tell me, Oh no, it's okay. You go ahead or or whatever, if you had plans for us and say something like, how, how am I supposed to know, you know,
Jessica Garcia: And so I took. I took the baby out. I was like, You know what, I'm taking the baby out. I'm going to go put some hours in with my parents, and you could stay here by yourself to see
Gwenevere Abriel: What was that visit, like with the baby and with your grandparents.
Jessica Garcia: Good.
Jessica Garcia: Yeah, no, it's good.
Jessica Garcia: I went I ended up going pretty late. And so my grandparents were bummed out because they wanted to go by him like a basket and hide eggs for him stuff and
Jessica Garcia: So we're going to go do that today. I told him wallets to it today. So everything's gonna be on sale. Like she loved that.
Jessica Garcia: She loved that idea.
Jessica Garcia: And for we're probably going to do that today.
Gwenevere Abriel: And how's the conversation. How's the flow between you and your mom.
Jessica Garcia: I'm just over it. I'm over I'm over it. I'm over her. I'm
Jessica Garcia: Over her tactics like
Jessica Garcia: And that's why I want to get
Jessica Garcia: My own job and start earning my own money, because that's how she gets me
Gwenevere Abriel: With money like
I want your money.
Gwenevere Abriel: That's a yucky feeling
Jessica Garcia: Know like she like
Jessica Garcia: Wants to buy me
Jessica Garcia: Buy me stuff and tells me
Jessica Garcia: Not to be without money in my pocket and make sure like cumulus I needed to get it out of her
Jessica Garcia: And stuff like that and then I find myself calling her like Hey mom, you know,
Jessica Garcia: The baby needs this to the baby needs.
Gwenevere Abriel: For you, um,
Gwenevere Abriel: You and I talked last time that maybe today, we might do a little desensitized thing. Or we might do some positive installing you may not know what those words are, but we had talked about maybe doing some some bilateral work.
Gwenevere Abriel: Could we just get in a little bit to some targets to maybe have some idea of what we might be focused on. Can I kind of go there for a minute or 10
Jessica Garcia: Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: So I'm looking, I'm right now I'm looking at my
Gwenevere Abriel: Thermometer my subjective unit of distress, and I've got a couple little stories in there. I have one. Um,
Gwenevere Abriel: A distress level of 99 I don't know who we're talking about here, but it says, I feel sick to my stomach when she even talks to him, so I don't know who that is. I don't know who she is. I don't know. He is that may come to you later.
Gwenevere Abriel: Oh, I wonder if that's your mom talking to her boyfriend.
Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yep. Okay, some input mom it
Gwenevere Abriel: Just it just hit me. I was like, I bet that's mom talking to my friend. Okay. So mom even talks to
Gwenevere Abriel: To her
Gwenevere Abriel: All right.
Gwenevere Abriel: So there's that one that was high 99 is really high.
Gwenevere Abriel: And I'm right and then 85
Gwenevere Abriel: Was you described as debilitating fear somebody doing what happened to me happened to my son. That's your fear. That's the debilitating fear.
Gwenevere Abriel: Now, I might have put this at 85 but really belong somewhere else. We can always change it. I'm just going to bring up some stories we went in a little more depth to this one because I can see
Gwenevere Abriel: I've got some cognition is in here noted somebody doing what happened to me happened. My son don't want that I'm
Gwenevere Abriel: I might have been working or son in daycare and then you were cheerful the soma, the body responded with it in the throat and chest, the negative thought was, I feel like I'm I'm unapologetic about it. I'm doing the best I can.
Gwenevere Abriel: Motherhood motherhood is about sacrifices, the negative cognition, I feel useless and worthless. I'm not contributing or doing anything.
Gwenevere Abriel: And the positive cognition. So I wouldn't mind finding out more about this when we could take something else. Or we could stay here with this one. The positive cognition at the time that would have been nice that you are thinking is, I'm doing the right thing.
Gwenevere Abriel: So this stability. This thing somebody's doing what happened to me to my son.
Gwenevere Abriel: I I keep wondering, Jessica, if, if, if there's a history with you have more than just physical abuse that maybe you haven't shared yet. Is that a possibility.
Jessica Garcia: Like, what do you mean
Gwenevere Abriel: Well, I wonder, is there any recollection of someone touching you sort of sexually that you don't quite remember there's sort of this vague history, you don't have any history of it.
Jessica Garcia: Yeah, there's been a few people.
Jessica Garcia: It's been a few times.
Gwenevere Abriel: Were you a child.
Jessica Garcia: Yeah, I was a little girl.
Gwenevere Abriel: All right, so that's how I kept wondering and check because I keep hearing things in your dream life. I keep hearing little pieces of it. And I didn't remember hearing that in your bio psychosocial
Gwenevere Abriel: So maybe it's just my error not going back and seeing it, seeing where I wrote it. Or maybe you didn't share it. Do you know if you shared it back then.
Jessica Garcia: Remember,
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay. Okay, so let's just stay with where we're at now. So what's that like to say that out loud. There was a few times that it happened as a child.
Gwenevere Abriel: Just this feel like free right now.
Gwenevere Abriel: Oh, well, you're
Jessica Garcia: Just old just
Jessica Garcia: Like
Jessica Garcia: I was so bad for so many I was. It was bad, and how can I explain it. It was hard for me for so many years.
Jessica Garcia: So many years I used to cut. I used to do anything I could
Jessica Garcia: And then these past few years in my adult life, I've kind of
Jessica Garcia: Just processed it
Jessica Garcia: I guess I don't know. And now it's just like
Jessica Garcia: Like, just like it.
Jessica Garcia: I don't know how to explain it.
Jessica Garcia: Like I'm angry about it.
Jessica Garcia: And I'm angry about it because they took a lot like
Jessica Garcia: From me
Jessica Garcia: They changed my view of life completely and
Jessica Garcia: But at the same time. Now I'm more aware
Jessica Garcia: And I know that
Jessica Garcia: Child's can do it kids can do it to other kids.
Jessica Garcia: And or females could do it to females, males, especially males to males, and that's what worries me.
Jessica Garcia: And so
Jessica Garcia: Growing up, like I've, I've always been like even afraid to go near kids that aren't mine like you know mine or or my my close family or anything, because I don't want
Jessica Garcia: Anything to be perceived as like inappropriate.
Jessica Garcia: So that's how I am.
Jessica Garcia: That's how I've always been
Jessica Garcia: And then
Jessica Garcia: I just watched my son a lot more around his cousin.
Jessica Garcia: Around everybody
Gwenevere Abriel: So it's keeping you vigilant. It's keeping you aware you're not sort of assuming everything's fine. You'll you might want checked in on a room after five or 10 minutes. You might just pop in and look
Jessica Garcia: A more he won't be in a room alone with anybody.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, so there wouldn't you
Gwenevere Abriel: I see it.
Jessica Garcia: I remember those times. No.
Gwenevere Abriel: So it's interesting. I didn't, for some reason, maybe it's because it wasn't shared with me but i i'm glad I asked the question today because it was confusing. I kept thinking, something's missing.
Gwenevere Abriel: I kept feeling like something was missing. And this is making more sense now.
Gwenevere Abriel: Just this topic itself. It happened a few times in childhood, um, does it feel like the emotions attached to it are happening right now. Does it feel like you're reliving it right now.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, when you say process what it makes me wonder is, if it is set in history. If those events are in the past, you can really see time. You can see the distance between
Gwenevere Abriel: That's I don't feel what I felt. Back then, there's a there's a time distance and it's actually got the right timestamp and it's stuck, where it belongs, which is in the past.
Gwenevere Abriel: Does it feel like that.
Gwenevere Abriel: What
Gwenevere Abriel: He does. Okay.
Jessica Garcia: And I think no more. It's, it's more like the aftermath
Jessica Garcia: Like
Jessica Garcia: I guess a ruin my life it dictated
Jessica Garcia: All the decisions that I made as a teenager.
Jessica Garcia: Without me even knowing it.
Jessica Garcia: I didn't tell anybody until I was like 19 years old.
Gwenevere Abriel: And who is the first person who told
Jessica Garcia: My best friend you wish to thank my very, very best friend.
Jessica Garcia: And
Jessica Garcia: She used to stay with us often on because she had problems with him on
Jessica Garcia: She knew, but because she was like
Jessica Garcia: There for a lot of my episodes.
Jessica Garcia: And so, um, she knew, and then the first person I told was my mom.
Gwenevere Abriel: When you say episodes, was that she was there when the
Gwenevere Abriel: molester molesting was occurring or when you are cutting
Jessica Garcia: When I was. Yeah, when I would like
Jessica Garcia: freak out.
Jessica Garcia: And there wasn't just that more so like I did. I felt like
Jessica Garcia: I didn't even have time
Jessica Garcia: To be upset about that because so much more was going on those so much more abuse going on.
Jessica Garcia: Physical
Jessica Garcia: And emotional abuse.
Gwenevere Abriel: My home.
Jessica Garcia: My older brother.
Gwenevere Abriel: Now that one. Do you feel that one just now. Are you feeling that one. Okay. That one's still sits here very real free as if
Gwenevere Abriel: Right, the distress of it is still very present
Gwenevere Abriel: And backing up a little bit to the other topic.
Gwenevere Abriel: When you told your mom. I'd like to get a sense of her reaction, though, when you did tell her that it happened. What did you say to her, and how did she respond
Jessica Garcia: I just told her to
Jessica Garcia: Do you remember that time that
Jessica Garcia: Because there's seven aunts and uncles, they all got together and they found out that
Jessica Garcia: Something was happening within the family and
Jessica Garcia: They asked me if it was true and I denied it.
Jessica Garcia: And so I told her.
Jessica Garcia: That it was actually to
Gwenevere Abriel: See how old were you when you initially denied it.
Jessica Garcia: I was probably like
Jessica Garcia: 1112 years old.
Gwenevere Abriel: So then you say, You know what, I lied when we when they all sort of brought it up. What was your mom's response to I lie back then. But the truth is, it did happen.
Jessica Garcia: She didn't say anything.
Jessica Garcia: Didn't say anything. I think she didn't know what to say.
Gwenevere Abriel: Still a response.
Jessica Garcia: And
Gwenevere Abriel: So she doesn't say anything. And now you're if you're in the same room together. How does the, what happens then.
Gwenevere Abriel: That she cried, and she
Gwenevere Abriel: protects you. Did she get angry that she just pretend like it never happened. I mean, something happened.
Jessica Garcia: I don't know. I don't know, to me, I perceive this like
Jessica Garcia: Just
Jessica Garcia: She didn't say anything.
Gwenevere Abriel: To this day, nothing's been addressed.
Jessica Garcia: And it has been
Jessica Garcia: It has been because it came back up and we in her spoke about it and she said that she to suffered some of you.
Jessica Garcia: From a neighbor.
Gwenevere Abriel: Sexual abuse or neighbor.
Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: How old was she
Jessica Garcia: She said she was very little. I don't I don't I don't remember what age, for she says she was a little girl.
Jessica Garcia: And that
Jessica Garcia: That's what she said. She said that
Jessica Garcia: I don't remember her saying no.
Gwenevere Abriel: Was it helpful to hear
Gwenevere Abriel: That she had had the experience and so did it make more sense her reaction.
Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: All right. And are you able to tell me
Gwenevere Abriel: You said it happened a few times.
Gwenevere Abriel: Do you get a sense of, was it one person several times. How old were you
Jessica Garcia: What the first person I was
Jessica Garcia: A tween eight and nine. It was like eight
Jessica Garcia: Years old.
Gwenevere Abriel: That was
Jessica Garcia: Family member
Jessica Garcia: And then the second person.
Jessica Garcia: Actually with the with the with the second person, it was when I was were younger.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, so you get a sense
Jessica Garcia: When he
Gwenevere Abriel: Was younger than age eight or nine. There's something younger
Jessica Garcia: Yeah, I was way I was still a little both still little probably like five or six years old.
Jessica Garcia: And she was
Jessica Garcia: She's
Jessica Garcia: Two years older than me.
Gwenevere Abriel: Was that ever report. Well, no, it wasn't. Did you didn't that didn't come out.
Gwenevere Abriel: Normally I'd wanted
Jessica Garcia: It's still it's still hasn't even spoken about, like,
Jessica Garcia: I remember her being caught because
Jessica Garcia: We were
Jessica Garcia: We were laying down and they had us lay down together.
Jessica Garcia: Or know something like that happen or she wanted to lay with me or something and then she started
Jessica Garcia: molesting me and my auntie seen the
Jessica Garcia: The cover moving and
Jessica Garcia: You pull it up.
Gwenevere Abriel: You're onto side.
Jessica Garcia: Man.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, appropriately.
Gwenevere Abriel: And like an alarm.
Jessica Garcia: Yeah, she got upset, she could, she got upset and she was like, what's wrong with you and she told because I was just laying there like pretending like I was asleep, like, oh, like, you know,
Jessica Garcia: Just how I reacted and so when she pulled the covers up like I was like frozen like
Jessica Garcia: She was like yelling at her like
Jessica Garcia: She got in trouble.
Gwenevere Abriel: Do you now know if this person, this female. Do you know her history of she also was the inappropriately touched, and so she was just mimicking what was happening to her. Is that a possibility.
Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: So yeah, the stuff gets passed down over and over, doesn't it, yes.
Jessica Garcia: I just don't. I don't understand, though, because I don't
Jessica Garcia: I didn't react like that.
Jessica Garcia: I'd be like, I don't
Jessica Garcia: That's why when they say that with that kids do it or adults do it because there happened to them like I would never
Jessica Garcia: Well,
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: So, and
Gwenevere Abriel: So we've got that part. Um, and de de de
Gwenevere Abriel: So they're incidents, they weren't ongoing with a particular person. Is that right or was there one that it was ongoing.
Jessica Garcia: Your one those ongoing okay
Gwenevere Abriel: And do you still have a relationship with that person.
Jessica Garcia: No.
Gwenevere Abriel: It's still feeling like all of this is in the past, still failing in the past, or is it feeling like it's being relived
Jessica Garcia: That wondered, the when I went into detail that knows
Gwenevere Abriel: Your tiny
Jessica Garcia: Yeah, those kind of hard.
Gwenevere Abriel: So him. Let's come up to the surface a little bit on this. And I remember I said I wanted to kind of understand debilitating fear and notice in your wording debilitating fear can debilitating fear fight can debilitating fear run
Gwenevere Abriel: Does debilitating fear immobilize freeze. Yes.
Gwenevere Abriel: Right. Notice in your own words, the word you're using around this. So,
Gwenevere Abriel: I'll just sort of psychobabble this for a second.
Gwenevere Abriel: It's oftentimes that it's those incidents where we didn't fight back where we didn't
Gwenevere Abriel: Finish the self protective motion, whether it's scratching punch shame running when we don't get to do those. But instead, our trauma happens in him mobilized state. Notice he said, I felt frozen.
Gwenevere Abriel: And guess what the other
Gwenevere Abriel: Sympathetic responses. Well, this was actually his parasympathetic but it's you went down below zero. It's actually fight fleet and freeze. And what did you you froze.
Jessica Garcia: Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: So when our trauma when our solution is only the immobilization, it's not uncommon for people to have just this continued intrusion of the impact of that trauma. When we got to actually fight our way out.
Gwenevere Abriel: And run away. Okay. Any it sticks around with us. So don't be surprised or mad at yourself, somehow. Okay, that is
Gwenevere Abriel: Absolutely. The best the body knew how to do it already knew. I can't run. I can't fight it already knew. And so it did.
Gwenevere Abriel: The next best thing. And it tried to take care of you. The best way I knew how and it froze. Okay. Your body knew what to do and it's an amazing things body of ours. Okay, was trying to protect you psychologically. It was doing the best it could okay but
Gwenevere Abriel: That stuff sticks around. It's not quite done
Gwenevere Abriel: You see what I'm saying. So notice how that one, that one still kind of is with you, and you've got you've got some assets so
Gwenevere Abriel: I may want to revisit some piece of that and mobilization parts so that that one's put way in the distance and that you can have this vitality this energy that comes from
Gwenevere Abriel: I'm not frozen. I'm not helpless. I can take action.
Gwenevere Abriel: Right, I can. So that's where reprocessing comes in in the FDR part is
Gwenevere Abriel: You have a different relationship with that history. Same way you can kind of talk about those things have your Leary rebel talk about it, but the emotion wasn't coming up with it because there was a distance, but this one.
Gwenevere Abriel: So there's I'm thinking, it may have something to do with that particular freeze response me where you were very little.
Jessica Garcia: So I think when I said like the bait at nine men like
Jessica Garcia: Like I felt like I couldn't make it. I couldn't. I didn't want to
Jessica Garcia: Get her job. I didn't want to leave his side,
Jessica Garcia: And so to me, that was
Jessica Garcia: The ability debilitate me
Gwenevere Abriel: And leave his side, you're talking about your son.
Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yep. So, but notice that in general. And you've probably heard me say this before. How do we decide what debilitating is what's right, what's good, what's bad well i don't i don't look at those words I looked at whether it's adaptive
Gwenevere Abriel: So we take what you were doing with your son, which is I can't leave his side, so we look and we say, well, is that adaptive
Gwenevere Abriel: Because I don't, I honestly don't know. This is where you're measuring it and it's different today than it was three months ago.
Gwenevere Abriel: Notice how it's changed now wait a minute. No, I need to work.
Gwenevere Abriel: I need to feel this sense of control in my life and you're I think you're starting to have some sort of perspective, maybe there are people that can provide good care for your son keep him safe. So you're sort of looking at it.
Gwenevere Abriel: So,
Gwenevere Abriel: Sometimes
Gwenevere Abriel: That might be the way to go. Maybe just don't leave in his side is the way to go. But really, it's sort of, you'd get to decide what's adaptive and what's maladaptive it's not going to be my measure, it'll be you.
Gwenevere Abriel: And that's why it's important that you guys come up with what you want to do with your day on your own. Not me.
Gwenevere Abriel: You know what I'm trying to say like you came to this conclusion on your own. But this isn't, this isn't working for you.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, yeah, yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: Because they get like that it can get like I have to because it could go so extreme. Couldn't it I can't be away from my son, he's now 10 I'm going to keep him home. He's not going to be socialized won't go to school. I'm going to stay in an abusive relationship.
Gwenevere Abriel: I might risk my sobriety because I can't be away from my son, my son never gets to learn that he can't protect himself that he can distinguish appropriate
Gwenevere Abriel: Touch appropriate psychological boundaries emotional boundaries. I can teach it to him because ultimately we're trying to raise an independent little critter so that he can be a man. Eventually, so that
Gwenevere Abriel: But taken to an extreme. It could be that. And would you recognize that that was adaptive or maladaptive i don't know but
Gwenevere Abriel: It could get to that degree, right, it could
Jessica Garcia: Yeah yeah
Gwenevere Abriel: But, but it's not you saw something that wasn't working for you too. And you, you're really looking at it and guess how you are. I'm now excited
Gwenevere Abriel: To go work. That's what you said today, and I'm like, well, look at that. That's something because you would have not said that to me you wouldn't have months ago.
Jessica Garcia: You did better.
Gwenevere Abriel: Facilitate afraid.
Jessica Garcia: Yeah, that's true.
Gwenevere Abriel: So that comes, probably from a sense of
Gwenevere Abriel: I can take care of myself. I'm teaching my son at right he drew talking about his body parts. Here's good touch bad touch. Here's this is a there's nothing shameful about the penis, you know,
Gwenevere Abriel: The PS repeats recoup, you know, the more it's sin tonic. The more we are like, yeah, there's nothing wrong with my body. Then there's nothing wrong with talking about it if something uncomfortable happens. I can tell my mom.
Gwenevere Abriel: You know someone touched my leg and left it there. I'm like, that was so weird. Now we can hear it and we're hearing it right away.
Gwenevere Abriel: Because
Gwenevere Abriel: nothing shameful about our bodies.
Jessica Garcia: Yeah.
Jessica Garcia: I try, even as little as he is like, you know,
Jessica Garcia: Like what is, you know,
Gwenevere Abriel: Parts are
Yeah.
Jessica Garcia: He knows it.
Jessica Garcia: He knows it to go pee and, you know,
Jessica Garcia: his dad's is different than his mom.
Gwenevere Abriel: Is different. And then, as he gets older then there'll be like it'll start behaving a little weird on its own. It's like all that bloods going to rush in there.
Gwenevere Abriel: It's true, but it's like a little body does a little systems check at like age nine, and 10 you're like, gotta be kidding me.
Gwenevere Abriel: You know, but there is but it's going to be about our comfort. So the work you do. Now the work that you get comfortable with your own body.
Gwenevere Abriel: Right as you get clear and clear that that was just
Gwenevere Abriel: Unhealthy behavior from other people. You're not just that story. Now you are. What's the healthy way you can. I can continue to talk about those things.
Gwenevere Abriel: The more comfortable you are with it, the more he's going to say, oh, it's just a body. There's a healthy way to look at it and there's a real sense of yeah that's unhealthy and he's going to know it right away and be able to communicate and trust that you can handle hearing it.
Gwenevere Abriel: You see that
Jessica Garcia: Yeah yeah
Gwenevere Abriel: The more resilience. You're getting this hard work that you're doing right now and all that processing. You did over these last couple years because you said you've already done and I can see that you were able to, you were talking about it, just like
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, and then the facts, lady.
Gwenevere Abriel: Then, and then we ran across one that still had a pretty pretty sort of deep emotional piece to it somehow. So that might be a target down the line, we may want to explore. We'll see.
Gwenevere Abriel: Um, let's take a minute and process what today was like for you. Okay, you kind of turn inward and sort of do a reflection and just have a nice quiet moment.
Gwenevere Abriel: Just want to run through the film strip of little pockets of what today was for you.
Gwenevere Abriel: Just observe the self. We thought we felt your body motions.
Gwenevere Abriel: Just see see if you noticed anything just ever so slightly new
Gwenevere Abriel: Ever so slightly different
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, I was.
Jessica Garcia: I actually have unresolved feeling about what happened with my cousin.
Jessica Garcia: Little girls.
Gwenevere Abriel: And and that you were willing to say cousin.
Gwenevere Abriel: Now, maybe not before but like it. See how it moves it just gets easier and easier. There's less shame.
Gwenevere Abriel: Right, because it wasn't her fault either really she did it. But what she know she was doing like she's trying to process it if it's okay that someone do this to me. Well, then, could I do it to this little girl like this one's trying to work it out too.
Jessica Garcia: Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: Right, we mimic it to say, is this okay. Is someone going to stop me someone going to say no. Is this normal is this you know so. Okay, so someone process stuff you're you're aware of. All right.
Jessica Garcia: I think because I'm
Jessica Garcia: Like we talk sometimes she calls me when she's happy she's in a really abusive relationship.
Jessica Garcia: And so when she's having problems like she calls me and
Jessica Garcia: I just listened to her. I just listened to her and then when they get back together. She stopped talking to me and that's just right now what her cycle is
Jessica Garcia: But
Jessica Garcia: I get pretty annoyed.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, I do like leave the guy.
Jessica Garcia: Yeah, I get it. Yeah, I get annoyed. I think because she
Jessica Garcia: She's just so entitled and so
Jessica Garcia: And so she makes me feel like if I'm obligated to talk to her. And I think that's what it is like
Jessica Garcia: she's not. She's very not aware of herself at all to very unaware
Jessica Garcia: And it's kind of annoying.
Jessica Garcia: But other than that, I know.
Gwenevere Abriel: No, I'm writing down what you just said. It's really important. Actually, what you just did I get annoyed she acts entitled I feel obligated. Those are big, those are important pieces. I'm glad you able to add that, that last bit.
Gwenevere Abriel: Is the these are current time. So kind of interacting with her and she is on aware and which also means doesn't sound like she has a tone that she has come to you in a really honest way she's not yours. Yeah. So we're going to put a pin in that one.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, that was a lot right there at the end. Okay, that's a big piece of it. Thank you for that. For for trusting me with that information. I really feel like I may not have been the easiest thing in the world to do
Gwenevere Abriel: So I'm not worthy.
Gwenevere Abriel: I am worthy. I am worthy I'm worthy and when I got this. I got you. Just, just impressed with your, with your courage and your bravery to share that. Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: Let's meet again, same time if you do need to make a change and like, oh, I really my whole life just went horrible um let me know as soon as you can. All open it up for someone else. And you and I will find a new favorite spot. Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: I'm pre texting, you know, something changes and now your days are different.
Jessica Garcia: Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: So at this point, it will be 11 o'clock on April 20
Jessica Garcia: So good.
Gwenevere Abriel: We need a message, a doctor about a medication, even a support medicine anything
Gwenevere Abriel: And be good to you and spend time with your little resource team go do something nice like a massage or something that feels good. Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay.
Thank you.
Jessica Garcia: Okay.